You're a fool. Who would do that?
Come here, everyone.
When you're done, we'll cook.
Don't stand there.
Okay?
I'm not going to tell you to come here.
I'm going to tell you to come here.
I have a lot of money.
Come and drink with me.
What are you doing in the field?
What?
We're cooking meat.
What are you talking about?
I'm cooking meat in the field.
I'm cooking meat.
I'm the dog of the tobacco shop.
The dog of the tobacco shop.
What are you going to do?
He's coming to visit us.
Don't say that.
Don't you understand?
I'm not going to tell you to come here.
You're lying.
The dog is waiting.
I'm not going to tell you to come here.
The dog of the tobacco shop is a fool.
He's going to be surprised.
Let's go.
What are you doing?
Is he still here?
He's still here.
Give me the tail.
You're going to be surprised.
Brother, you ran away?
You ran away?
No, I'm still chasing you.
You're still chasing me?
You're so mean.
Then, what should I do?
What should I do?
I don't know.
You all go away.
You're so mean.
Hey, you.
Brother, you ran away?
You ran away?
No, I'm still chasing you.
I can't stay here.
What did you say?
You're talking in a good way.
I can't stay here.
Come here.
What?
What should I do?
I can't stay here.
Listen, you.
Listen to me.
I'll beat your ass.
I won't let you.
Listen, I'm telling you.
You're so stupid.
I won't let you.
The End